reviewNum:11035. review: I am not impressed with the fit but was able to install them (though not 100% correctly) - one of the tabs would simply not go in.I believe that I could have broken something if I kept trying to achieve the perfect fit. Based on this fit, I am glad I did not order the ones for the side markers and fog lights.; The fit is not perfect.
reviewNum:5459. review: Works and works well.  I couldn't get it to click onto my wiper arms and I thought the blades would fall off but they have been rock solid.  And long lasting so far.  Great performance, #1 rated in Consumer Reports too. You don't need fancy one piece blades, just blades that work properly.  These were rated higher than the 900 series.; Awesome!
reviewNum:2670. review: I bought two of these one for mysely and the other for my son inlaw. Both will be used for a flag pole mount on the back of his truck an the other on my motorhome. Put threaded rod through the ball mount hole ant PVC pipe on the threaded rod .It works out great.Cant beat the price for this mount and PVC is cheap.; getting a lift
reviewNum:11124. review: Great lighted switch that fits tightly into factory blanks on my 05 Tacoma.  The lights on these are VERY bright, so beware of where you install it, it could be an issue at night!; Nice look and feel
reviewNum:11185. review: Bought this along with two detail brushes.  This one handles the brake dust that can be easily removed.  the detail brushes are better for the more difficult to reach spots.; Wheel Brush
reviewNum:20343. review: The first thing I want to say is to NOT wash these with ANYTHING you do NOT want to have tinted.Personally why they would pick a color like this is beyond me...but they did, I wish all of these kindsof products where white...that way you do not have an issue with dyes fading. I washed these witha pile of other towels both micro fiber and regular terry towels, that are my &#34;rag towels&#34; that I useto dry my car, dry windows when washing them, etc. I am SO HAPPY I did this...as it was severalof the old rag towels got a bit of new color added to them...lol  So I put all of these through just arinse with white vinegar, hopefully that will be a help. The drying capabilities of the towel is fine, tome they are good for basic house cleaning and that's what I will use them for, and for cleaning mycar, etc. They need a better quality dye if they are going to offer these in colors though.; Zwipes Burgundy Waffle Weave Towels
reviewNum:20160. review: 5 stars for the looks and function, -1 star for being a pain to put the bottom end on due to jeeps tight tolerances!  seriously, i had to pull off the grill and borrow a socket wrench with an adjustable head to get ahold of the nuts, once you do its a breeze, and the top part is painless to change out.  when you go to install these the you tube video for the install itself and the one on how to easily remove your grill help tremendously to watch first.  as for threading the nut and washer on in a space to tight for any human hand to reach, i taked the nut and washer to a wrench, leaving the washer side hole open, got the bolt a couple threads in and yanked off the taped wrench to swap in the socket driver to tighten.; Great look, great function, fubar install if you dont have 8 inch skinny fingers.
reviewNum:17539. review: First of all, I replaced some good rain-x wipers with these and these wipers work great. They wipe well and I installed a full set in under 5 minutes. Wow.I wouldn't want to do it on the side of the road in a thunderstorm, but you could. As long as the old wipers come off clean, these install super fast. My only delay was my old wiper, it took some wiggling to get off, but after they were removed, these installed in under 30 seconds. Super duper muper easy. Truly amazing.The good thing too is that these will come off just as easy as they were put on. :)Great wipers and easy to install. What more do you want?; Really nice wipers. Installed in under 2 minutes. Crazy fast.
reviewNum:7858. review: For the price, this is a fantastic tool. The quality feels top notch. The gun section is all metal and is textured in three areas for grip. I was using gloves and had no problem keeping a hold of the gun. The handle pulls back smoothly and evenly. I also like the way it dissembles very easily. The front portion simply screws off and you can wipe down the inside of the gun. The provided vinyl hose is also great quality. It is pretty thick and stays on the gun great. It does not leak or seep at the connection end. The hose is about 1/4 of an inch in diameter, so probably fine for changing most fluids, but if the hole is smaller than that, you will probably have a tough time getting the hose in.Overall it is a 5/5. I bought this because I didn't want to spend so much time with the smaller hand pumps that you have to pump five hundred thousand times. The 18oz capacity will let you fill/drain quicker. I was changing the power steering fluid and it only took about 3/4 of a pull to get all the fluid from my reservoir. Certainly would be helpful when changing differential oil or transfer case oil.Power steering fluid viscosity is like syrup. The gun did great. Had no problem sucking it up and spitting it out. I imagine it would do great with heavier oil. I will be changing my diff oil and will update this with the results.; Great tool
reviewNum:13379. review: I instantly fell in love with these. They are super easy to use, and even easier to clean. Throw them in the wash machine and they look like new. They stay wet but not gloppy wet (I just invited that term). The dreadlocks have not uncoiled and I've used these several times. Fantastic product.; Easy to use and works great
