I work in a home office where my many account manuals are kept in 3-ring binders that change often.  These labels are ideal for labeling and re-labeling the binders, as well as color coding them for easy categorizing.  I've also been using them to label project folders, enabling me not only to organize the folders but also to neatly recycle them with new labels when needed.  I'll be on the lookout for these in the other sizes; they're the best thing in removable labels since Post-It notes!; These Work Great
The Avery Dark T-Shirt InkJet Iron-On Transfers are a very cool product useful for putting your images on dark material where regular transfers will not work. Saddly, don't expect to use the whole page for your design.These perform exactly as expected, with great image quality and no problems feeding through my printer, right up to the point where you attempt to peel the backing off before ironing on the transfer. I spent a good 1/2 hour trying to remove the backing, using every trick possible before resorting to making a "small" rip (as the instructions suggest) to get it started. This worked most of the time, but it means that you can't use the whole sheet since you have to rip it to remove the backing. We learned to only print about 3/4 of the page to give us plenty of ripping space.After you get the backing off, these iron on to your cotton material and really do look great. Be sure to read and follow the directions.I'll look for another brand, but will continue to use these if a better solution isn't out there.; Great Idea, Hard To Use!
I approached this review with two questions - could the stapler really staple 70 pages and still do a reasonable job on two, and could it be unclogged (despite promises of non-cloggability, I've been burned before).The stapler passed with largely flying colors. (See my photos above). On 2 pages (20lb multipurpose copier paper, using the includedSwingline Optima High Capacity Staples (S7035550), which are actually 60 Sheet Capacity), the staple overlapped itself but didn't hang up. On 25 pages, the staple held and looked fine. On 70 pages, the staple strained to fold, but still held. The cost for this versatility is that, unlike other models, this stapler doesn't curl the ends of the staple inward, so there is the potential to catch them on cloth or even skin. I don't consider this a dealbreaker.The cartridge pulls out like a drawer to refill, leaving the mechanism completely accessible (see my photo above). I wasn't able to get the thing to clog, but I don't foresee any issues in unclogging it. (I'm tempted to try Swingline's 90-page staples just to see what happens).And yes, there is a spring and lever system that makes this remarkably easy to use (if you're the kind of person who jumps at seltzer bottles, you may not like this). I went through 70 pages with no trouble whatsoever. I'm impressed.; Feather touch, but 70 pages is a stretch
This is a very heavy machine. It's very fast in operation.  It does well with most sizes of paper.  I like that it has a light that comes on if it's not aligned properly with the basket. .; Heavy Duty Machine
A lot of wrist rests are either too firm, too high or too soft.  The 3M Foam Mouse Pad avoids all three faults... at least for my wrist.  Just two weeks of use have demonstrated to me that this has decent potential in preventing wrist pain.The added benefit comes from the anti-microbial protection that should prevent the types of bacterial growth that can lead to deterioration of the fabric and foam.  Worth every penny!; Real comfort, good value
worthless junk. Should have just bought an OEM drum (which is what I ended up having to do anyways). This thing did not work straight out of the box; Unit did not work brand new
I gave this paper to my 9-year-old to take to school because she had been having trouble with 3 digit times 2 digit numbers.  Problem solved...this paper makes her line up her numbers.  She complained only that the blue vertical lines were "too bright."  She also said that "responsibility" took up way too much space, but her work on this paper is MUCH easier to read than it was before.  The paper is on the expensive side, but a single pack might be helpful in resolving spacing issues.  I thought the blocks were too wide, but my 4th grader liked them fine.  I would not recommend this paper for a much younger student, because letters do need to be "regular" sized rather than enlarged for early writing.; Nice math paper, blue lines a little bright
I don't know what I was expecting... it's basically a pad of paper with a clipboard built in.I've used it for several meetings, and I have flipped between the tabs and such, and that was a nice feature in a pad rather than a binder.Other than that, nice function, but you still rip off pages, or flip them over the top. Nothing really earth-shakingly new here.; Nice pad of paper.
Made with cheap materials and comes in MANY, MANY pieces to put together. Nothing seems to fit square and when it is together I noticed that the shelf actually bows from just one ream of paper on it and the top, where I put my Konica magicolor 2500 printer, seems to also bow down the top from the weight of the printer. So pretty much worthless.Do not buy this stand.....I'm going to either trash it or let it be in a corner for little trinkets that don't weigh hardly anything. What a waste of time and effort putting it together.; Scoot Desk-Side Printer Stand
Samsung SCX-3405FW Wireless Monochrome Printer with Scanner, Copier and FaxThis is a nice little multifunction unit that is quiet.  It installed easily but slowly.  The software installation took quite awhile but it does need to install software for faxing, printing, scanning and copying.On the other hand, the wireless installation went very smoothly.  My E1200n router does not have the easy button that Samsung was looking to find.  However once I opened the router software up, it had a software easy install button and once I pushed it and the button on the printer, Viola!, I had connection.The wireless connection was very fast.  I was also impressed with the high quality of the scan and the copy.  I didn't even test the fax part, it is nice to have if you need it but I have only sent and received two faxes in maybe four or five years.I was not impressed with the screen on the unit.  It is hard to read head on and practically impossible to read from any angle.The software installed without a skip on Win7, Vista and XP.  I test printed from all three OS without a flaw.  This unit sells for $163.28 at Amazon and appears to be a very good value.Stats:Fast, compact Black & White Laser Multifunction Printer with easy Built-in Wireless setup.  Fast 21 ppm speeds and quick first page out time for less time waiting.  10,000 Monthly duty cycle for more reliability from your printer.Consumables:The toner is Samsung MLT-D101S/XAA Toner 1.5K Yield (ML-2165W, SCX-3405FW, SF-760P) $61.24 at Amazon and $82 at Staples.Update 10/25/12  The wireless aspect of this printer died yesterday.  I ran a meter on my wireless signal at the signal strength is unchanged.  I tried to connect to the printer using Windows 7, Windows Vista and Windows XP.  None of the systems or OS would connect.  I hooked up the printer via Ethernet and all worked fine.  Sadly with Ethernet I had to reinstall the Samsung software on each computer which was surprisingly labor intensive.  The printing, faxing and scanning aspects of this work just fine but the wireless function has bitten the dust after such a short period of time.  I have downgraded my rating by two stars.Update 10/31/12  The Ethernet aspect of the printer died yesterday.  I could not connect from two different Ethernet switches or from three different OS on three different systems.  It appears that the printer is having cascading failures and I am waiting for the final shoe to drop. It is now connected to a single computer with USB and I will see how long that method of connection continues to work.  Alas, I really liked this unit when it worked properly.; Wireless Failure after 3.5 months of Use.
