reviewNum:15273. review: My tween daughter loves my gel wrist pad and has asked for one for herself. She REALLY liked this daisy design! I wish the writst part were just slightly longer, but I may just be used to the one I already have. The design almost looks 3D inside the gel. Nice to see a variety of office products. Sometimes we just don't want plain old gray or black! I wish there were a leopard one!; Pretty!
reviewNum:7475. review: This kit comes with a great selection of colors!  The only reason for the one star deduction is that some of the colors don't show very well.  The pastel colors in general lack pigmentation and appear watered down when used on plain white paper.  On anything but white paper, you're not likely to get a true to color result which is a shame as I generally don't use these types of markers on paper...  As for fine tip, I was hoping for the metal tipped sharpie pen that you can occassionaly find but these are felt tipped so be aware that it is definitely a marker fine as opposed to pen fine.; Great selection of colors
reviewNum:28760. review: I was going to rate this item only 4 stars for some reason, but, as I thought about it, there is no reason in my mind to deduct that 5th star, so 5 stars it is.Granted, the board does not come with an eraser.  But, it is probably a little cheaper due to this omission, and seeing as how the board is magnetically attached to the side of the refrigerator by the garage door where we come in & leave the house from, that is not a problem.  There is always a handy damp dish rag or paper towel to grab, and both work just fine when erasing the board.  In fact, the damp (clean!) dish rag probably does better than a dry eraser marker would.The markers have tapered, not chiseled points, which I like a lot - allows for smaller, more consistent writing without having to think about which way the tip is positioned.The ink flows smoothly & is nice & bright to my 51-year-old eyes.  Not "neon" bright so much as "retro chalk on chalkboard" bright.  Easy to read, definitely.The board itself is well enough made w/ a brushed aluminum frame & stiff cardboard backing.  As noted by others, there are two mounting options - a pair each of 4 inch or so long magnetic or adhesive strips that attach to the back of the board via an adhesive backing on the strips.  I am using the magnetic strips on the side of my refrigerator & it is nice & secure but not difficult to remove.  Secure enough when writing on it any way which is all that is really needed.Bottom lime is, what is there not to like?  For me, nothing, so I give it 5 stars & would recommend it to anyone who wants a functional, relatively small (8 1/2" x 11"), family messaging board with a little bit of artistic flair.; Fun Family Messaging Center
reviewNum:48399. review: For the price, this cork board is a steal!  It isn't as thick as I'd like--push pins stick out--but it's great for the permanent display of pictures and certificates I'm using it for.  It's light weight, so it can be hung on the wall or used with an easel.  The light weight and manageable dimensions also means it's pretty portable.I'm very satisfied with this bulletin board.; Excellent for semi-permanent displays
reviewNum:11503. review: I received the Fellowes Starlet 90 Home Binder as part of the Amazon Vine Reviewer Program, along with supplies to test drive it.  NOTE: these supplies -Fellowes 5/16in Black Binding Combs (25 Pack),Fellowes Binding Covers Expressions Grain, Oversize, Navy, 50 Pack (52127), andFellowes Transparent Presentation Binding Cover, PVC Material, 8.75 x 11.25 Inches, Clear, 25 per Pack (52309)were sent with the Amazon Vine packaging of this item, but are NOT INCLUDED with the item and must be purchased separately. Covers were 'mid-weight' for this light-duty use machine.Having never tried a binder, I was eager to give this one a go. I quickly got stuck on how to load the binding comb and the directions were no help. After several frustrating minutes looking at the diagrams and wishing the pictures were more clear,  I went online and found a Fellowes binder  video on YouTube (for a different model from Fellowes), which gave me a tip regarding how the comb should be placed with the teeth up and facing the user.  That tip did the trick, and allowed me to figure out how to load and bind after about 30 minutes of scratching my head.There are essentially three steps to using this machine:  punch holes  for the pages and the covers, set-up the comb binding in the machine, and then bind your project.  But before any of this can occur you have to buy supplies, which do not ship with this unit.You need to purchase binding combs in the appropriate size for your projects (larger comb size means more pages that can be bound together - up to 90 for the " comb), and covers if desired. Once you have these accessories, which are actually `necessities', you can begin the process.The good news...after all the frustration I encountered trying to use this unit for the first time, I liked the end product - a professional looking binding job.  It is sold as a light-duty binder with a 2 year warranty.  It's not for those who have large or multiple projects.  If you are looking for one of those I'd consider this one:Fellowes Quasar 500 Comb Binding Machine (52168)or theFellowes Galaxy e-Wire Binding System, Gray (5217801)instead.The bad news...the lack of directions on binding comb placement and how to put on the paper to be bound on the combs, needs much improvement. Novice users like me will find this part very frustrating with the existing instructions.  This unit also needs to be shipped with a sample pack of binding combs and covers. You can't even try it out without them!Rating: 3 out of 5 stars. The poor directions and the overly optimistic recommendations for number of sheets of paper to punch at one time (7 is recommended and I think 5 works best), indicating that you can both punch holes and bind at the same time (you can't without four hands...), and for the lack of side guides to assist in keeping the paper to be punched in place, all were negatives for me regarding this product.Bottom line: it's not terrible, but it's not great either.I would recommend this binder for students, light office use and home crafters with  projects such as calendars and scrapbooks on their agenda. If your needs are for frequent (daily), thick or multiple projects, I'd consider other binders. Perhaps an electric one?Check out the Fellowes extensive line-up of products and see which one meets your needs.  The quality is not the issue, but your level of experience with this type of project and the jobs you need to get done may be.; Solidly made unit, but poor 'how to' and no supplies
reviewNum:3871. review: Nice! Like the design, but if you apply lots of pressure when you write, these aren't the pens for you because the tips get ruined :(; Liquid Flair Pens
reviewNum:21953. review: Are you as sick and tired as I am of spending money on products that promise to solve some daily household issue/chore for you but never quite work the way they should? I have a junk drawer and a significant portion of my basement devoted to a graveyard for "new and improved" or "you'll never have to buy anything else" kinds of products that I've purchased and tossed aside in frustration when they don't work. Fortunately, Post-it provides a product that works exactly as it should.I really like these super sticky removable labels. I have plastic bins containing thousands (yep) of books in my house. I've devised a system to track what books are where, but labeling the containers has been a challenge. Labels fall off or get ripped to pieces when I'm moving the bins. I don't really want to mark the bins themselves because I change things around on occasion. These Post-it labels do the trick. They are big and bright, and I can write a bin number and some info about the contents and stick the label on the bin. Works like a charm. I've done some heavy duty lifting and moving the last couple of weeks, and I've had no problem with these labels at all. I wish that there was some way to create a label that could be stuck to the inside rather than the outside of the bin with the info still showing through the clear bin plastic, but that's another topic for another day. I'm satisfied with this set of Post-its, and I like that the pack comes with 100 labels - that will last for quite a while. The price is reasonable considering that this product actually works, so I won't hesitate to buy another pack in the future when I need some more.; Works as promised
reviewNum:43431. review: I rarely give 5 stars to any product but this is a fantastic printer.  I have had over a dozen printers over the years and this is the best.  The features I like the best are:1) automatic double sided printing2) Speed in all modes/colors3) 2 paper bins - I use 1 bin for normal printing and the other for photo printing4) UI is much better than other - leaves no room for guessing.Needless to say - I would recommend this printer to anyone; Fantastic Printer
reviewNum:13972. review: I got this to save money on phone bills but it's very frustrating to use.Pros:1. Cheap2. Pretty Clear ReceptionCons:1. I don't want that keypad on my computer on all of the time, I try to hide it but every time you make a call it pops up again. I just stick it off to the side so you can only see the edge of it.2. The keypad is bad enough but it is constantly has an advertisement window trying to sell more services, very annoying.3.  I have to set my home phone answering machine on 2 rings so the Magicjack answering service won't pick up my messages, you cant turn their answering service off and you can't even change the amount of rings before it sends it to the magicjack voice mail. Another thing about the answering service it gives a sales pitch to the people before they can leave a message.4.  Customer service are a bunch of idiots. They cannot even answer simple questions and if you have a Mac don't even bother calling them you would get more help asking your dog what to do.5.  Every time I get an incoming call while I'm talking on the phone my line disconnects. That's when I found out the customer service people were a bunch of idiots.6.  When I'm on the computer and a call comes in or my wife uses it the magicjack keypad will pop up onto my screen and interrupt what I'm doing on the computer. Small but annoying.As you can see the Con's outweigh the Pro's by over double. If I had to do it again I wouldn't get it again. I'm thinking of cutting my losses and go with another service since this magicjack has too many shortcomings.; Very Limited
reviewNum:28384. review: This kit contains four pop-up tape dispensers, two of them round stationary dispensers that stay in place due to an ingenious suction cup thingy, and two wrist dispensers held by an elastic wristband.  I opened the kit to wrap my first Christmas present, and several weeks and way too many presents later, I was finished wrapping yet still had tape left to spare.I am a huge fan of the Scotch pop-up tape products, especially for gift-wrapping.  It saves time and makes wrapping ever so much more efficient if I just have to give a short tug to obtain a perfectly sized piece of tape than having to wrestle with a traditional dispenser where the tape gets twisted and tangled.  So I have used the Scotch pop-up dispensers ever since they were introduced.  The round desktop dispensers are a relatively new version of the pop-up tape products, though, and I like these even more than the original wristband models.  The suction cup is unique: It holds the dispenser on the table so you can pull the tape off, but it can still move freely over the surface of the table, so you can drag it closer or push it out of the way easily.  It works on any smooth surface material.The only negative to this assortment--and the reason I docked my rating a star--is that, while the wristband dispensers are refillable (and several refills are provided in the pack), the round table-top dispensers are not, a feature that is not very environmentally friendly given the bulkiness of the round dispensers.  Scotch DOES make the table-top dispensers in a refillable format (I own several of those already), so that would be my preference and recommendation. That being said, this assortment is ideal for certain settings, e.g., arts and crafts at a children's party, school projects, and--yes--impending major gift-giving holidays.; This pack lasted me an entire Christmas
