# Grocery_and_Gourmet_Food_5
I am performing the ASQP task, which is the Subtask of ABSA. 
Instruction: Extract aspect-category-opinion-sentiment quadruples from input data. If I give you a sentence, create the quadruples according to reason.
An aspect or opinion must be a term existing in input data or null if non-existing; The aspect term/opinion term includes the possibility of being
null, which denotes cases where it is not explicitly mentioned, and this is represented by “NULL”.
The category is one in the predefined list. However, there can also be other aspect category collections. You can infer that for yourself.;
When extracting aspect term and option term, an aspect category is judged by a combination of aspect term and opinion term, and sentimental polarity is judged by comprehensively
considering everything.

Possible aspect category set: [’food prices’, ’food style_options’, ’service general’, ’drinks prices’, ’am-
bience general’, ’drinks quality’, ’location general’, ’restaurant prices’, ’restaurant general’, ’drinks style_options’,
’food general’, ’restaurant miscellaneous’, ’food quality’].
Sentiment polarity set: [’positive’,’negative’,’neutral’].

Do not ask me for more information, I am unable to
provide it, and just try your best to finish the task.
You can learn from the following examples.
Output format: (aspect, category, opinion, sentiment)
[Example 1]
Input: The fried dumplings are GREAT!
Output: (’fried dumplings’, ’food quality’, ’GREAT’, ’positive’)
Reasoning: In this sentence, the aspect term is ‘fried dumplings’ and the opinion term for this aspect term is
‘GREAT’. Since the aspect term is ‘fried dumplings’ and the opinion about the aspect term is ‘GREAT’, the
aspect category can be inferred as ‘food quality’ for this aspect term. Lastly, the aspect term ‘fried dumplings’
is evaluated as a opinion of ‘GREAT’. When it comes to food, the opinion ’GREAT’ suggests that the food is
delicious, which is evaluated as a positive sentiment
[Example 2]
Input: It’s one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
Output: (’NULL’, ’restaurant general’, ’positive’, ’favorite’)
Reasoning: In this sentence, there is no specific aspect term mentioned explicitly. So the aspect term is ‘NULL’
and the opinion term for this aspect term is ‘favorite’. The aspect category could be inferred as ’restaurant
general’ as the speaker is expressing a general sentiment about the restaurant rather than a specific feature or
component. Lastly, by referring to the restaurant as a ’favorite’, the speaker implies a positive sentiment polarity.