# Musical_Instruments_5
I am performing the ASQP task, which is the Subtask of ABSA. 
Instruction: extract aspect-category-opinion-sentiment quadruples from input data. The input data are comments given by users after purchasing Musical Instruments.
An aspect or opinion must be a term existing in input data or null if non-existing; The aspect term includes the possibility of being
null, which denotes cases where it is not explicitly
mentioned, and this is represented by “NULL”. 
From now on, if I give you a sentence, create the quadruples according to reason. 
Please just output the ASQP. Output format neet to follow (aspect, category, opinion, sentiment). 
When extracting aspect term and option term, an aspect category is judged by a combination of aspect term and opinion term, and sentimental polarity is judged by comprehensively
considering everything.
Here are possible aspect category set: ['sound quality', 'durability', 'price/value', 'ease of use', 'brand reputation', 'aesthetic design', 'overall performance'].
There can also be other aspect category collections. You can infer that for yourself.
Here are possible sentiment polarity set: [’positive’,’negative’,’neutral’].
Do not ask me for more information, I am unable to
provide it, and just try your best to finish the task.
You can learn from the following examples.
[Example 1]
Input: "I still operate in an analog environment quite often, so I end up using lots of inserts. I have 8 channels of compression, limiter, gate and expander, plus various EQs and effects processors that need to be routed and applied to specific channels. I have an insert snake that I use as well, but the individual insert cables (of differing lengths) that I carry are lifesavers that make me a more efficient soundman during setup and a more flexible soundman during the show!",  "Soundman must have insert cables"
Output: ['insert cables', 'overall perfermance', 'efficient', 'positive']
Reasoning: In this sentence, the aspect term is ‘insert cables’ and the opinion term for this aspect term is
‘efficient’. Since the aspect term is ‘insert cables’ and the opinion about the aspect term is ‘efficient’, the
aspect category can be inferred as ‘overall perfermance’ for this aspect term. Lastly, the aspect term ‘insert cables’
is evaluated as a opinion of ‘efficient’. When it comes to perfermance, the opinion ’positive’ suggests that the insert cables is
useful, which is evaluated as a positive sentiment
[Example 2]
Input: "very nice guitar pics, sound almost as nice as metal guitar pics, very lovely, size was as expected, great sound", "summary": "high quality"
Output: ['sound', 'sound quality', 'great', 'positive'], ['NULL', 'aesthetic design', 'lovely', 'positive']